Update `Users with unique titles` listing (#7266)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Users_with_unique_titles/en.md

## Elite Nominators

> Since 2020, members of the [Beatmap Nominators](/wiki/People/The_Team/Beatmap_Nominators)' and [Nomination Assessment Team](/wiki/People/The_Team/Nomination_Assessment_Team) who have been displaying an exceptional performance towards supporting the ranking system in a given year are rewarded with the **Elite Nominator** title. This title is given at the beginning of each year for contributions made during the last, and is removed upon the user leaving the team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 2020, members of the [Beatmap Nominators](/wiki/People/The_Team/Beatmap_Nominators) and [Nomination Assessment Team](/wiki/People/The_Team/Nomination_Assessment_Team) who have been displaying an exceptional performance towards supporting the ranking system in a given year are rewarded with the **Elite Nominator** title. This title is given at the beginning of each year for contributions made during the last, and is removed upon the user leaving the team.
```

> Since 2020, members of the [Beatmap Nominators](/wiki/People/The_Team/Beatmap_Nominators) and [Nomination Assessment Team](/wiki/People/The_Team/Nomination_Assessment_Team) with an exceptional display towards supporting the ranking system in a given year are rewarded with the **Elite Nominator** title. This title is given at the beginning of each year for contributions made during the last, lasts for roughly a year, and is removed upon the user leaving the team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 2020, members of the [Beatmap Nominators](/wiki/People/The_Team/Beatmap_Nominators) and [Nomination Assessment Team](/wiki/People/The_Team/Nomination_Assessment_Team) with an exceptional display towards supporting the ranking system in a given year are rewarded with the **Elite Nominator** title. This title is given at the beginning of each year for contributions made during the last, and lasts for roughly a year or until the user leaves the team.
```

- ![][flag_CA] [Agatsu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5579871)
- ![][flag_US] [eiri-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3388410)¹
- ![][flag_DE] [Lasse](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/896613)¹
- ![][flag_DE] [Mordred](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7265097)¹
- ![][flag_US] [Unpredictable](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7560872)
Since 2020, members of the [Beatmap Nominators](/wiki/People/The_Team/Beatmap_Nominators) and [Nomination Assessment Team](/wiki/People/The_Team/Nomination_Assessment_Team) who have been displaying an exceptional performance towards supporting the ranking system in a given year are rewarded with the **Elite Nominator** title. This title is given at the beginning of each year for contributions made during the last, and is removed upon the user leaving the team.

> ¹ ![][flag_US] [eiri-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3388410), ![][flag_DE] [Lasse](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/896613), and ![][flag_DE] [Mordred](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7265097) were all awarded with the **Elite Nominator II** title instead for having been named as Elite Nominators for two years in a row.

Reviewer: it might be worth clarifying that these titles only last one year

Author: okok
